bro i haven't been this interested in
something in so
long berserk is legit where are my
manners
welcome to disturbing comics where we
talk about the craziest comics
let me introduce you to guts
the black swordsman gutz is the aloof
strong protagonist of berserk a
well-known
disturbing manga series written by
kentaro miriah
so berserk is a 40 plus volume long
series so it's gonna take a while
to get to the recent pages today we are
just going to get into the introductory
chapter
to introduce the black swordsman
so let's get introduced to guts and get
some themes rolling
if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts
stay tuned for the comic cue the monkey
king gohan
guts aka the black swordsman
speaking of guts the name fits the name
fits guts is having sex with some women
she turns into an evil destructive
monster with alien limbs
you fell into my trap fool this is your
last
taste of heaven before i sing you to
hell
and this dude guts is like the only one
trapped is you
[ __ ] gus destroys her head with this
fiery weapon looking back with that
prince vegeta
energy gutz is a man on a mission he
enters one of those kingdoms you can
build on those phone games
the streets is bustling but he takes
notice of a carriage of women and
children being taken somewhere look at
that
child oh inside of a bar there's cries
coming from a little person
this fairy is being used as a target
practice by these despicables
the patrons can't do anything about but
watch as the fairy
narrowly avoids getting killed why
because these men throwing the knives
are from
coca castle not even the lord mayor can
do anything about these men
or they will destroy the entire town
so sounds like a job for an outsider
i'm gonna mess up your shop a bit he
says to the bartender
but suddenly arrows right through his
[ __ ] head
guts uses the arrow in his nose to ask
some good
questions you're one of the thugs from
coca castle
you can deliver a message to your boss
for me right big dog
tell him the black swordsman has come
the fairy screams a warning to guts but
he already has this big
slab of sword in his hand guts literally
cut his assailant in half do you see
this
that's a definitely a unique sword
massive
thick and head heart no guts leaves
knowing his targets would know about him
soon
and the fairy follows close behind their
name
is puck but guts he doesn't care at all
gus values his personal space i don't
think he actually intended to save puck
i don't know but who's gonna save guts
when the knights of the town
come to wrestle him up puck dips as guts
gets arrested by the weak knights
tortured senseless yet not even making a
single
sound that's dr doom level will power
that's enough for now says the old man
he's the lord mayor of this land he
doesn't seem like a really big authority
though
those men guts killed were to be
protected
they basically own this land and since
guts
killed them at the bar they will mess
around and destroy the entire town
are you telling me those guards standing
there are just
scarecrows lord mayor says you don't
understand
the ruler of those men you killed he's a
literal
monster beyond human our black swordsman
knows all about who the leader is he
knows that he's a monster that eats
human flesh in fact you remember when
guts passed those women and children
being carried away in that wagon those
women and children
were actually being delivered to the
demon to eat they are treated as
sacrifice for the town
it's my duty to protect this town lord
says
you mean protect yourself right
damn that [ __ ] [ __ ] up guts gets
tortured enough
but they gotta hand them over to coca
castle the baron
is the title of that monster one of his
henchmen tells him about the black
swordsman
getting into a heap of trouble looks
like the baron recognizes
him from the past too the mayor comes in
to apologize for what gutz has done
even promising more prisoners for him to
feast on
i don't care about that all i wish to
see
is humans dying painfully
bones snapping children dying
horribly in front of their parents
before i
eat their bowels guards put them in the
oven
the lord mayor is dragged away to die
and the baron
sits wondering about the black swordsman
before we get back with guts
stay tuned after this commercial break
[Music]
the black swordsman later awakens unable
to move and heavily injured
but he sees some weird mass in front of
him also like the video just for that
commercial break that took me a long
time to make
whatever it is guts hasty with a passion
and it seemingly goes away right when
puck comes with a set of keys
it helps that these fairies have a lot
of powers
like conveniently being able to heal all
injuries but guts really really doesn't
like people touching him
just his ferocity alone is equal to
touching a hot pot on the stove
we actually don't find out guts's name
until
this frame and he has a ton of history
about him
like this crest on his neck a brand he
says
relates to the baron also anyway the
baron is going to burn the entire town
to the ground
okay so guts is more of an anti-hero if
anything
he feels very strongly about strength
anyone who dies and someone else's fight
is a weakling that would die anyway that
that's gotta be trauma
since puck can feel these intense
thoughts
and emotions to the point that is making
him hurt
if someone can't live their life the way
they please
they might as well die still guts is a
big bag of sadness
rage and fear man it's gonna be a long
journey looking into guts but still
guts saved puck didn't he he laughs at
that notion
puck is heartbroken hearing that guts
didn't save him and
doesn't care about him and leaves him
behind crying
uh gus he literally just healed your
body bro
the the baron could have ate you like a
snicker if he didn't heal you
i don't know i sort of think that guts
cares more than he lets on
but right now it's all about his mission
he escapes with the keys puck
left ready to destroy the baron speaking
of destruction
the baron and his forces are destroying
the town and its citizens
citizens getting crushed and killed just
by the horses trampling them
little ass kids getting impaled and
eaten by this
snake demon the baron is ultimate
despair
the 16th student i'm sorry i mean
[ __ ] just dying
left and right it's crazy out here but
the baron is about to be defeated
guts the black swordsman is ready for
the [ __ ]
smoke breaking free of hiding under the
corpses
that that he killed i don't know
actually dude can shoot arrows like it
ain't nothing [ __ ] just getting
lit up like candles
gut uses that slab of metal to cut a
horse
and its rider in half his strength
is legendary
so your pirate hunter zorro
with the 60 million dollar billy
bouncing
uh boss that's a whole different
swordsman right there
that man right there is the black
swordsman so
you're the black swordsman the one who's
been hunting us
apostles to think that a
mere mortal can oppose the apostles
looks like baron is a part of some
collective called the apostles
i know i'm sorry guts starts blasting at
baron
and finally knocks the demon off his
steed
shooting until he gets him caught
crashing through a building
guts knows that's not enough so we split
ourselves inside
only to get knocked out of the entire
building by a
huge snake tail it's always a moment in
anime where the main character is like
like that a mere human like you can
possibly kill me
oh boy the baron is full snake now
actually he look like some model
resident evil you remember them
uh them hoes and resident evil them
lizard joints
the [ __ ] took like 30 shotgun
shots point blank together
anyway gus is getting knocked all around
the town
around town got gus looking like a whole
fool out here
baron picks him up saying you humans
are nothing more than food to fill my
stomach
act like food and how's this for
food [ __ ] guts uses this weaponized arm
to blast the baron like how he did that
demon woman in the beginning
while the baron burns and cries the
black swordsman grabs his long
sword and just like that
slashes the baron in half
look at that face that isn't the face
of a mere mortal don't die on me yet
must be tough being unkillable and all
huh
stop your bitching like you said
humans are weak but no matter how weak
we are
no matter what we go through we still
want to live baron sees the brand of
sacrifice on his neck
and guts acts where the five members of
the god
hand are the god hand is another
collective too
and despite being a famed apostle
the baron knows nothing of where they
are guts
leaves the villain to slowly burn to
ashes
the villain pathetically says he doesn't
want to die
okay y'all say it with me them little
kids didn't want to die
either i swear y'all villains are just
some some grown-ass
kids bro y'all are so dumb puck flies in
fear
but guts guts went berserk
[Laughter]
the black swordsman leaves to find his
next target
that was a fun script that probably was
one of
my favorite videos to ever record i'm
interested to see what his past
foretells
and what battles he will get in later
it's gonna get really dark in this mug
i've heard
so i'm excited to get started because
gosh that was a darn good start anyway
i hope you guys enjoyed this video about
berserk
here are two other videos right here for
you crosstalk
and metamorphosis both are pretty gnarly
in their own way
click that like button for more berserk
and more disturbed comics
thanks for watching spooky out